Update docs on OpenAPI-related metadata (#32624)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/minimal-apis/aspnetcore-openapi.md

})
```

> ## Customizing OpenAPI endpoints with endpoint metadata

Reviewer: This content is great, but I would have placed it earlier in this doc. I think it could be just above "Options for customizing OpenAPI document generation".

Reviewer 2: If @captainsafia  agrees, I'll fix this in https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs/pull#32626

The OpenAPI document generator derives various information from endpoint metadata on the available document:

* Summaries and descriptions on endpoints are derived from <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Metadata.IEndpointSummaryMetadata> and <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Metadata.IEndpointDescriptionMetadata> respectively
* Request body and response information is derived from <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Metadata.IAcceptsMetadata> and <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Metadata.IProducesResponseTypeMetadata>
* Operation IDs are derived from <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.IEndpointNameMetadata>
* OpenAPI tags are derived from <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Metadata.ITagsMetadata>

> To learn more about customizing the generated OpenAPI document by modifying endpoint metadata, please [view the overview documentation](<xref:fundamentals/minimal-apis/openapi>).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information, see [the overview documentation](<xref:fundamentals/minimal-apis/openapi>).
```
